README.md, before:

![Blackbox Development](_assets/b17t-avatar-lbox-32.png)

## Blackbox Development's Landing Page

This is a simple repo that contains the files needed to host and deploy Blackbox Development's landing page via [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/).

### Development

The `gulp` task runner can output two types of builds: `development` _(served via a local dev server with livereload)_ and static `production` files.

Due to the nature of Github Pages's hosting, build files have to be commited to the repository.

Also, as you have already noticed, most files and folders have a preceding underscore `_` in they're name. This is so that it will ignore those file and not publish them.

#### Javascript Transpiling

Is done via `babel`, using the `babel-env` preset.

Also, `eslint` in combination with `prettier` is used to lint files and provide some basic code style consistency.

While linting is automatically triggered on commit, you can also run it manually via either `yarn lint` or `yarn lint:fix`, the latter of which will attempt to fix errors.

#### CSS Transpiling

Is done via `postcss`, using `postcss-simple-vars` to provide basic variable functionality.

Also, `stylelint` is used to lint files and provide some basic code style consistency.

While linting is automatically triggered on commit, you can also run it manually via either `yarn stylelint` or `yarn stylelint:fix`, the latter of which will attempt to fix errors.

#### Development Server

Running `yarn dev` will start the development server, which will spawn a web server on [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080/).

This will inject the transpiled `.css` and `.js` files into the various `.html` pages, along with a livereload websocket connection to ease development.

#### Production Build

The production files can be built by running: `yarn build`.

This will transpile, and hash the `.css` and `.js` files, move them into the `root` path and inject them into the `.html` file(s) _(these will be also moved to the `root` path, but only after everything else)_

This is done to ensure the `.css` and `.js` files have new names _(generated using the content hash)_, to provide some basic level of cache busting.

#### Deploying Landing Page

Using Github Pages is pretty strait-forward, as long as the assets are in the root folder _(and there is a `index.html` file)_, and commits into `master` are automatically pushed to the live web server.

So, as soon as you merge your PR with the new changes, they will be published.

Commit message:

Update: readme file with build script commands

README.md, after:

![Blackbox Development](_assets/b17t-avatar-lbox-32.png)

## Blackbox Development's Landing Page

This is a simple repo that contains the files needed to host and deploy Blackbox Development's landing page via [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/).

### Development

The `gulp` task runner can output two types of builds: `development` _(served via a local dev server with livereload)_ and static `production` files:
- `yarn dev` for the development build
- `yarn build` to build files for production

Due to the nature of Github Pages's hosting, build files have to be commited to the repository.

Also, as you have already noticed, most files and folders have a preceding underscore `_` in they're name. This is so that it will ignore those file and not publish them.

#### Javascript Transpiling

Is done via `babel`, using the `babel-env` preset.

Also, `eslint` in combination with `prettier` is used to lint files and provide some basic code style consistency.

While linting is automatically triggered on commit, you can also run it manually via either `yarn lint` or `yarn lint:fix`, the latter of which will attempt to fix errors.

#### CSS Transpiling

Is done via `postcss`, using `postcss-simple-vars` to provide basic variable functionality.

Also, `stylelint` is used to lint files and provide some basic code style consistency.

While linting is automatically triggered on commit, you can also run it manually via either `yarn stylelint` or `yarn stylelint:fix`, the latter of which will attempt to fix errors.

#### Development Server

Running `yarn dev` will start the development server, which will spawn a web server on [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080/).

This will inject the transpiled `.css` and `.js` files into the various `.html` pages, along with a livereload websocket connection to ease development.

#### Production Build

The production files can be built by running: `yarn build`.

This will transpile, and hash the `.css` and `.js` files, move them into the `root` path and inject them into the `.html` file(s) _(these will be also moved to the `root` path, but only after everything else)_

This is done to ensure the `.css` and `.js` files have new names _(generated using the content hash)_, to provide some basic level of cache busting.

#### Deploying Landing Page

Using Github Pages is pretty strait-forward, as long as the assets are in the root folder _(and there is a `index.html` file)_, and commits into `master` are automatically pushed to the live web server.

So, as soon as you merge your PR with the new changes, they will be published.
